Set min-width on header section items only when they are not empty (#6158)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6158.md

**Bug fixes**

> - Updated the header section item to not render if empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `EuiHeaderSectionItem` to not render if empty
```
